Explain how to fix FOIT with Google fonts (#1902)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/lighthouse-performance/font-display/index.md

(See the [Avoid invisible text during loading](/avoid-invisible-text) post
for more information.)

> ### Google fonts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Google Fonts
```

> If you use Google fonts you can fix this by setting the attribute display to swap in your Google Fonts URL, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `&display=swap` to the end of your Google Fonts URL:
```

```html
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:400,700&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
```

> Notice the **`&display=swap`** at the end of the url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
